Hello everyone
It is a gusset of the World Rubber Market Thank you to the old wisdom bag of this time
Today's theme is here
I think I will try to serve 1st serve
This is the top Chinese player who has retired
A little Saab way of Ow utility player also tried to thorough analysis this time
It will be a bit more personal analysis, but the waree player is a strong service ace
So many
Although it is not, but it seems to be able to make use of the forehand characteristic of the 3rd pitch Hanchin steadily
I put the Do that service intense service
Such for at even this time everyone forehand of everyone in to remember serving this yc soldier
I think I might not live
How to serve one team face quickly
I think that I want to I use both the waist roughly planted beside forehand but usually
Common players and players on the day serve players
When you say what is different?
After all I see it and the amount of rotation is different, so it's a spin next to it
Well, it's a confusing motion or a marine player
It is not hard to understand, but I can understand it with serve if it is sideways
The amount of rotation only at basic serve is completely different
How strength secret of the very the strong lateral rotation because what is taking out over a period of 1 day
Though
First First place set up at the time that set up first 2 I was good Saab one player first protege
I will
When I go home
It's like pulling behind, it's a normal serve, usually in this position
One more day
A little behind your left foot
It is such feeling when doing so with pawn
Pay attention to where the body is twisted
School is I'm body twist
But this body will come here and behind the left foot
This is how it looks like this is a bit extreme
From the state this body is twisted
Issue moving relocation
If you do so, you can apply a very strong lateral rotation .
Well Typical amounts rotation Let's use from left from right when issuing the mouth
Right to left
Since refers to Tteyuu take a rotation well and the clinic in I left
Players in one day but I've been doing until now is left from the right +
It the power of the screw is twisting the body
Using
Apply using a screw twister
The
Ha ha ha
Daddy
Feelings and take-back are large for multi-players.
It took a little larger because it has come out racket
so
While twisting the body there Rutte multiplied by the lateral rotation strongly Innovation bubble wrap in a large swing
You already use the whole body
There are a lot of small tips, but let's use the whole body of char in the pants
I'm calling
The weight on the ball when I use the body
I think you put out an even white horizontal rotation we zone Then after all amount of rotation
And now this takeback is about to do a big job behind high school now and this more to this twist
It will be easier to apply power , but with a small disadvantage it's difficult to over-twist it by yourself
Periodically by being behind
big
Screw day
You may say I put out a body the previous power
tan
What to do first
With your left foot behind you
Make the body twist and hold it with two fingers
Raise and take take a large reaction while taking advantage of the centrifugal force
Boiled with electronic
It's like this
In this kind of feeling
Is the while entering
Centrifugal force
Put all the weight off by complaining using
I think I know I feel it 's placed on body weight out
So twist it like this
Weapons of Chin player of serve that end is the Tteyuu
It will be in the state that the amount of rotation is more than looking very strong
Stop the opponent if there is now a need to cut off the Buchi' say everyone's way
Will increase opportunities to hit forehand I think you called me an alternative of the like poking
The reverse is often the back type but I usually use the power of this one
It is easy to be connected to the third ball forehand of the player, so it will be more deployment
Please try and try what will be said
It has been
there were
th
Bach
def
Have
Bie